 
 
 International Glossaries: Provide International
 Terminology
 
 All rights reserved. No part of these documents may be
 reproduced, adapted, distributed, or transmitted in any
 form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, or
 otherwise, including photocopying and entry into an
 information storage and/or retrieval system, for any
 purpose without the express consent of Microsoft
 Corporation. Microsoft Corporation hereby authorizes you
 to use the individual terms described in these documents
 as descriptions. You are not permitted to duplicate the
 compiled glossaries in whole or substantial part for
 distribution. Except as expressly stated, nothing herein
 is intended to constitute a license under any Microsoft
 Corporation copyright, trademark, or other intellectual
 property right. If you require additional rights, please
 contact Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond,
 WA  98052, USA, Attn: International Quality Assurance.
 
 MICROSOFT CORPORATION PROVIDES THE GLOSSARY TERMS AND
 INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THESE DOCUMENTS ON AN “AS IS"
 BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY. Microsoft Corporation DOES NOT
 represent, guarantee, or warrant that: (1) the glossary
 terms and other information contained in these documents
 are non-infringing and freely available for use; nor (2)
 that the glossary terms, the glossaries themselves, and
 other information contained in these documents are
 completely accurate and current.
 
 The purpose of the glossaries is to provide international
 terminology, not English. These glossaries may contain
 Microsoft terminology for both applications and systems.
 In an effort to standardize this terminology, the
 glossaries are being released.
 
 Note that the English terminology is a byproduct of
 Microsoft's international glossaries and that Microsoft
 cannot guarantee the quality of this product. The
 subscriber may use individual terms, but may not reproduce
 the compiled glossaries for resale.
 
 Glossary files are available in French, German, Spanish,
 Italian, Swedish, Dutch, Finnish, Danish, Norwegian,
 Russian, Czech, Hungarian, Polish, Turkish, Greek, and
 Brazilian Portuguese. The glossaries are in .CSV files so
 that they can be opened in Microsoft(R) Excel, Word, and
 Works.
 
 KEYWORDS: CD10
